feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/windowattribution/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: windowAttribution property"
short-title: windowAttribution
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/windowAttribution
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.windowAttribution
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`windowAttribution`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns an enumerated value describing the relationship of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in to the window that the current document is running in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`windowAttribution`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns an enumerated value describing the relationship of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in to the window that the current document is running in.
```

> The **`windowAttribution`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns an enumerated value describing the relationship of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in to the window that the current document is running in.

Author: suggestion applied

## Value

An enumerated value, which can be one of:

- `"ancestor"`

>   - : The current document is a descendant of the document the script was executed in, embedded inside it in an `<iframe>`.

Author: updated

- `"descendant"`
  - : The script was executed in a descendant document embedded inside the current document in an `<iframe>`.
- `"other"`
  - : The location of the document the script was executed in could not be determined.
- `"same-page"`

>   - : The script was executed in a version of the current document embedded inside the current document in an `<iframe>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : The script was executed in a version of the current document embedded within the current document in an `<iframe>`.
```

Author: updated
